change terminology and images (#4)
swimmio/public: Welcome.md

Swimm Docs and Exercises are saved on your repository in a directory named `.swm` as files with the `.swm` extension. </br> They are shared and synced with the rest of the team the same way that code is, using Git.
</br> </br>

> `.swm` files are readable. Open the one that corresponds to the unit you created to see how it’s built.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`.swm` files are readable. Open the one that corresponds to the Swimm Doc you created to see how it’s built.
```
